updated unit equivalencies example with parsec (#8991)
astropy/astropy: docs/units/equivalencies.rst

Built-in equivalencies
======================

How to Convert Parallax to Distance
-----------------------------------

The length unit *parsec* is defined such that a star one parsec away will exhibit a 1-arcsecond parallax. (Think of it as a contraction between *parallax* and *arcsecond*.)

The :func:`~astropy.units.equivalencies.parallax` function handles conversions between parallax angles and length.

> In general, one should not be able to change units of length into angles or vice versa, so

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the "one should". @lglattly , do we have a convention here?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I've been editing any instance of "one must, should, etc." to "you" or "a user" or "the user" depending on the scenario. I think "you should not" works fine here!

:meth:`~astropy.units.core.UnitBase.to` raises an exception::

  >>> from astropy import units as u
  >>> (1.0 * u.arcsec).to(u.parsec)  # doctest: +IGNORE_EXCEPTION_DETAIL
  Traceback (most recent call last):
    ...
  UnitConversionError: 'arcsec' (angle) and 'pc' (length) are not convertible

To trigger the conversion between parallax angle and distance, provide 

> :func:`~astropy.units.equivalencies.parallax` as the third argument (``equivalencies=``) to the

Reviewer 3: I think the original "third" wording is misleading, as users do not really see `self` being counted when they look at the stuff passed into parenthesis. However, if you look at the API and count `self`, then it is the third. 🤔 
```suggestion
:func:`~astropy.units.equivalencies.parallax` as the optional keyword argument (``equivalencies=``) to the
```

Author: Should I change it back, or not?  I took out "third" precisely for that reason. We are prepping for the example gallery, so it is likely that users will see this example separate from the API docs. For that reason, the probability for confusion is high.

Author: Oh oops, I thought I had changed it but apparently did not. Done!

Author: I had gone back and forth on that in my mind! So much so that I thought your suggestion was what I had actually written.

:meth:`~astropy.units.core.UnitBase.to` method.

    >>> (1.0 * u.arcsec).to(u.parsec, equivalencies=u.parallax())

>     <Quantity 1. pc>

Reviewer 3: Hopefully this will fix the failing doctest.
```suggestion
    <Quantity 1.0 pc>
```
